If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favoured day for self-destruction.
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
The pancreas produces Insulin.
The word 'lethologica' describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
The word 'nerd' was first coined by Dr. Seuss in 'If I Ran the Zoo.'
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
If the Earth's sun were just inch in diameter, the nearest star would be 445 miles away.
There is no word in the English language that rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
Starfish have no brains.
2 and 5 are the only prime numbers that end in 2 or 5.
'Pronunciation' is the word which is mispronounced the most in the English language.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Owls are the only birds who can see the color blue.
A pizza that has radius 'z' and height 'a' has volume Pi × z × z × a.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th.'
Zero is an even number.
The longest English word that can be spelled without repeating any letters is 'uncopyrightable'.
10! (Ten factorial) seconds equals exactly six Earth weeks.
Want to remember the first digits of Pi easily? You can do it by counting each word's letters in 'May I have a large container of plasma?'