The Prime Minister of Space Australia has announced today a new policy to hand out fake dollar bills to the poor.
The President of Space America issued a press release today stating that he is not in fact, a Tajaran in disguise.
The Prime Minister of Space England is in hot water today after he announced that space tea would now be made with 20% more nuclear waste.
The Czar of the Space Soviet Union has issued a press release stating 'Spess Amerikans suck cocks!' we're working on a translation.
Space Israel has not gotten into trouble for bombing dirty Space Palestine again today. Don't be so anti-semitic.
Our sources tell us that the Earth country Poland has issued a press release stating that 'they didn't want to go to space anyway' and that 'space sucks'. More at eleven.
Sources are saying that the Earth country Poland has issued another press release saying they were sorry and would very much like to be in space. The Intergalactic Empire responded with the word 'No'.
The President of Space America has come under fire recently for stating that god was a chicken.
The Intergalactic Empire is in hot water this week after proposing to rename Space-Milk to Milk. The newsroom would like to apologize to any readers offended by this news.
The Prime Minister of Space Scotland has announced that 'Freedom Day' did not go as planned. Our sources report that over 2000 human heads are now being returned to their loved ones.
The Prime Minister of Space Australia has come under fire for stating 'Women are in the kitchen, men are on the sofa, jews are in the oven. My country is doing well.
Dirty Space Palestine just declared Jihad on Mighty Space Israel. For shame, Space Palestine.
The President of Space America was questioned today about his reaction to the Space Superstorm Baldman disaster, he replied 'I didn't send anybody since I figured it would quit about three quarters through.
The President of Space America was photographed today kicking a dog to death while muttering about how he liked cats better.
The President of Space America was photographed today with a fairly obvious tail protruding out of his pants, he denies the photo is real, saying 'I, president T'jkar Aw'krejn, am no Tajaran-- I mean catbeast.
The votes have come in, and the new Prime Minister of Space Uzbekistan is Kthchichikachi Breekikikiki. When questioned about his landslide victory, he replied 'SQAAAAAAAK'. His only opponent, Er'p Fh'goot, was the first openly gay catbeast to run for office.
The President of Space America has issued a press release asking for more chips in his office.
The Prime Minister of Space Uzbekistan has issued a press release, stating that 'SQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAK BAWWK BAAWWWWKK'. We would like to say that Faux News does not condone or support the words of Mr. Breekikikiki.
The Prime Minister of Space Australia has come under fire for stating he was very upset with how many black people there was in his country.
The Czar of Space Russia has accused the President of Space America of being a dirty catbeast. The President wiggled his trademark ears and said that if he was a Tajaran, the Czar was a space shark. The President is being treated for bite wounds.
The 'Universes Largest Oven' has been completed today in Space Germany. Prime Minister Adole Himmler has invited Space Isreal to see the oven first at its grand opening.
CEO Discount Dan has been sued. Again.
Nanotrasen has inducted a new policy wherein clowns will be spanked for stealing milk.
Discount Dan's has created a new line of Discountu Danu food product for Space Japan. The food is comprised of Space Carp on rice. More at ten.
Discount Dan's has come under fire for their new 'Horsemeat Lasagna'
Nanotrasen's official website has been hacked this morning. The site read 'NT SUXZ, GO SYNDIEKATTZ!!1!1!!' for 48 hours until the site was fixed.
Read the all new book by a former unnamed syndicate, 'Nanotrasen sucks but the dental is good so whatever.'
Nanotrasen has released a new study that has been made useless by the internet.
Discount Dan's 'Spooky Dan' line of product has come under fire for being unintentionally racist toward ghosts.
Discount Dan's 'Discounto Danito' line of product has come out with a new 'fiesta size' burrito. CEO Discount Dan has been quoted as saying, 'A big 'ol clot for a big 'ol family!'
The Syndicate has issued a press release stating that 'Nanotrasen sucks dicks.'
Nanotrasen CEO John Nanotrasen has been photographed kicking a Tajaran to death. This shameful publicity stunt is part of the new 'NT Hates Catbeasts, do you?' campaign.
Nanotrasen CEO John Nanotrasen has been photographed kicking a Vox in the cloaca. He commented that, 'BIRDS BELONG IN MY FUCKING MEALS DAMN IT'.
Nanotrasen CEO John Nanotrasen is in hot water for an alleged sex scandal with a confused syndicate woman that took the motto 'Fuck NT' too seriously.
Nanotrasen CEO John Nanotrasen issued a press release stating, 'Anybody who's fucking impersonating me is going to get fucking bluespaced unto a spike.'. We do not condone Mr. Nanotrasen's use of foul language in the newsroom.
Nanotrasen CEO John Nanotrasen and Discount Dan's CEO Discount Dan have been photographed buying a new friend necklace. The Syndicate issued a statement that 'That's totally gay.'
Discount Dan has been photographed this evening hunting the endangered albino space panda. When questioned, he replied that the endangered animal was 'Good eats'.
Nanotrasen's head programmer quit this evening when people did not respond well to his new features on NTOS. Said features included the ability to instantly transmit pictures of your butt to people by blinking.
Nanotrasen CEO John Nanotrasen was photographed this morning celebrating his birthday with well deserved hookers and blow.
Discount Dan's stock has risen 20 points today after CEO Discount Dan promised to include a free toy in every 'Happy Dan' meal. In other news, we have over 300 confirmed reports of broken teeth and lead poisoning in children 6 and under.
Discount Dan has come under fire today after trying to hug a plasmaman whilst smoking a cigar. He is being treated for 3rd degree burns at the moment, and we at the newsroom wish him luck.
Nanotrasen's treasurer Shlomo Goldburginstein died today in a tragic cooking incident with NT Officer Gass Judenraigh.
Border patrol around Space America has tightened today after a wave of Tajarans yiffed their way across. We have reports of over 2000 molested Space Americans. More to come at seven.
Tajarans continue to protest in their 'Trillion Fur March' today. We have reports that the Space American army is giving a KOS order on all non-humans in the area.
Read the all new book by known Plasmaman rights activist Spookler Boney, 'AGHGHHGHGH KILL ME IT BURNS AGHHHHHHH'
Read the all new book by the worlds most renown skeleton Johnny Hips, 'It aint easy, being bony.'
Scientists in Space Austria have found a chicken with the ability to warp space-time. More at ten.
Scientists working on at the Bluespace Portal Research Facility (BPRF), have looked into the fabric of reality. They report that all it is out there is a bunch of fat nerds and a chicken.
Scientists working at the Large Hadron Collider have discovered nothing today. A sceptical scientist was quoted as saying, 'It could be nothing, but it's probably just something again.'
Johnny Hips has released a new album today, 'Tibia Blues'. The songs include classics such as 'I aint got money for milk.', 'Skeleton Rock', and a new song named, 'Bone Marrow'.
Doctors have discovered that clowns indeed do have a funny bone.
Renowned mime scientist Free Shrugs has discovered a new element today. He has named it '  ', he also says that it has the properties of '   '.
Archaeologists have discovered god's final message to his creation today. The message reads, 'bawk'.
Scientists have discovered a new type of elementary particle today. Our sources say it has a bad atitude, and enjoys the color blue.
Today, a man was discovered to be living with a 20 year old ghost in his house. When the ghost was questioned who killed him, he responded 'A BASTARD!'. More at four.
Scientists report that ghosts do in fact exist, however, they are huge assholes.
Supermatter researchers today have reported that the substance is highly volatile and could possibly rip apart the universe in large quantities. Discount Dan has been reported as ordering over 1000 pounds of supermatter shards.
Scientists working at the BPRF have discovered a pocket universe comprised fully of dead clown souls today. 40 scientists are being treated for madness.